What makes a leader

Andrew Chen Wang 31 Oct Sat 2020 Just finished writing my response in SimpleJWT about NOT changing the name blacklist to anything else. But I fell into me talking to myself again and came up with this.

To be weak is to be open minded. To be strong is to be a leader, close minded, and make the decisions. I fear that if I were to be elected president, I would become close minded, as I should, to stick to a plan.

But when you are weak you become more knowledgable. It is when you become a leader, you must trace back to your weak points and take advantage of the knowledge and wisdom you gained to pursue your role as a leader and be strong.

This quote is aligned with “learn from your mistakes” but in the form of being a leader.

Edit:

Also, I say "if I were to become president," I would never unless LOTS and I mean LOTS of people told me to. However prestigious and extremely difficult a job it is, I would NEVER because that position requires you to be open-minded. Many presidents want to the job either for political purposes, being written in the history books, or because they think they can change things for the better.

It's the third point that haunts leadership in general. If I were to be a good leader, I would need to be close minded (of course not fully) but that's how presidencies have been haunted for decades on end. You must be strong, mentally and socially.

If lots of people told me to be president, I would CONSIDER it, but I highly doubt enough people would ever tell me to be president.
