# 2020-08-07: Interdisciplinarity

Just went through my favorite VSauce videos from first half of 2010.
I just realized how... similar my brain functions to the content
of Michael's educational videos. I went to his Wiki page, just to
see how he was doing in life and read how the educational videos
are labeled as "[Interdisciplinarity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interdisciplinarity)."

It's kinda funny thinking about it; that's basically how I teach my
friends "creativity" or "how I think." Take an idea from
one field and apply it to another. Never knew the word before.

Something I used to like doing was biomimicry, except, instead
of engineering fashion like bullet trains (take a look at Vox's
video on that), but design concepts. Can you describe your system
or app or algorithm using nature?

One of my oldest, perhaps my first, app ideas involved using my
nearby "nature center" as an example. When talking politics, I
seek the human psychology and humans' reactions as my core
source for legal interpretations and shockwave effects.

Weird ones:

- I was doing an app regarding geolocation. I needed a way to create
social groups within a certain max radius but the radius varies. The
solution came from inner the sky: in timelapse videos, clouds form
and reform in a flash. Yet, if you follow a cloud for a good period
of time, you can see the slight distortions -- but still see it "moving."
- Removing space debris via origami method. Some toy that expands as a
ball by some Harvard dude talked about how origami could be game changing
in design and engineering. If we sent a probe to outer space, we can
use that awesome machine learning based method by some girl in 2015 (??)
of predicting where space debris was (I've personally never checked it
out, but we could try to get the velocity to avoid covering our origami
with THICK kevlar). Also, we as in... well people say "we" when they really
mean "me." That's something to think about. Anyways, with the origami method,
we collect the debris in a sort of patch and use some kind of force (Newton's
third law) to push the debris towards Earth to decimate the materials.
- You know how landfills are toxically anaerobic? Use that as fire
retardant :P It's terrible for the environment, but if people could line
trash as a wall against a wildfire, it could save property and more trees?
Definitely won't work but... I mean Peregrine Falcons adapted to urban
environments.

However, in my opinion, interdisciplinarity should not be limited
to one field applied to another. I find it more like an idea applied
to another:

- Rewriting Wikipedia in all languages. As inspiration from Chris Hedges's
*Destruction of Culture*, if history textbooks were written in textbooks
from all over the world, would you come to an implosion of knowledge that
really comes from one source or an explosion of knowledge that comes from
many? (This is assuming the author is an alien :P). Second inspiration
from Daughters of Confederacy and friends in Texas who don't know about
evolution.
- This is a quick journal entry in English class, so you'll have to bear with
me as the grammar is awful. I wrote down (12/13/2019): in The Stranger by Camus
on p. 43, there is "a little robot woman" (I think. I can only find "robotic
like movement") and we had to remem that Camus is an absurdist and
~~can't remem~~ ~~be~~ understand how people can be so organized.

That's how English can be MADE important. I remem resesarching if authors
really wanted English classes to analyze deeply or if the author
him/herself put <ins>that</ins> much thinking into their novels.
Majority said not much thinking or expectation (this was wayyy too small to read)

But English should be repurposed into finding out how one thinkgs, and novels
expose the author(s) (ommited text because it's a bit of blabbing)... but to give a
new... motto (that can REALLY help w/ future jobs) for analyzing these texts
is important and can make English a much more valuable class than they currently
are conceptualized.

The purpose of that journal entry was, well, to make English class more important
to people, rather than solely focused on "essays" or "literature." Even in
language and composition classes, it was not much... comprehension of how the
author him/herself thinks -- like in general. Doing this in English class could
help future politicians (or today's... because getting rolled is fun in Congress),
those in the medical field, and even empathy for bitter coworkers.
- Veritasium's video about [compliant mechanism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97t7Xj_iBv0&vl=en)
was pretty cool to think about as it's a cool mechanism for planes to take off.
ELECTRIC planes since we'd need a catapult system, like that of aircraft carriers,
to reduce needed energy for getting to optimal altitude. If a plane uses compliant mech.,
then it could be like a slinky bus when you need to use gravity as a method for angular 
momentum like a skateboard needing  to get speed by going to the side of the road where 
the height above sea level is lower than the middle. It won't work lmao

You must understand (thanks if you got to this point) that I think wayyy too much,
having to reflect my past forcefully by my nervous system every 15 minutes. These
ideas, as my friends call it, is when I'm "Just being Andrew" or "drunk" in some
friends' opinions. It's great to reflect, but every 15 minutes, to stop the 
reflection/not-diagnosed PTSD, is not healthy.

These are, unfortunately, not my best ideas, as I'm writing these
on a whim at midnight. If I'm on my YouTube jam, then it's a good
10 ideas per day, written on sticky notes and stuck on my wall.
If it's just news, maybe 3-5... idk, hopefully I remember to read
this in 6 years; I'd like to see how my mindset and thought
processing evolved... see if I'm still that light-hearted person
that never takes in hate... see if mama still complains that
I never look after myself and only for others... Sigh.
The hyperhidrosis is really getting to me.......
Predicted death year (since that'd be cool and awful): 67. Anyways,
I just wanted to note this as a random journal entry into this repo.

Anyways, signing off now.

7 August 2020
Andrew Chen Wang
